Describe the support that PHP gives you for file handling. What are the operations that can be performed in handling files? Describe the purpose of file opening modes and give at least 3 examples, explaining what they are for. Please use the following link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

List the file access levels for PHP. What are the three typical file permissions in PHP? Describe how PHP file permissions are calculated. What is the PHP function used to change file permissions? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in detail the three PHP functions you would use to handle opening up a directory,  and reading its contents into a variable. What other function could you use to help out with display by making sure that certain entries, like current directory, are ignored?  You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

What are the HTML elements that you would employ in a form designed to upload a file to a server? Describe the attributes of these elements that are necessary to accomplish the job. In the form handler on the server side, how would you retrieve the information on the file to upload? What are its keys and what do they do? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in detail the PHP function that you would use to store an uploaded file on the server. What are each of its parameters and what are they used for? How would you determine the result of the operation? What should you do about the file permissions? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Bell Work for 12-07-2017
Describe in detail the PHP function that you would use to write a string to a text file on the server. What would be a good method of delimiting the data fields? How would you construct the string that you would be writing? How would you check for success or failure of the file write? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.

Describe in detail the three PHP functions that you would use to read the entire contents of a text file on the server. Exactly what does each produce for you, and what would it best be used for? You may use an outside link as a resource. You may quote it to help with this. However, explanations MUST be in your own words to receive a grade for content. Anything from the source must be correctly marked with quotes and cited.